HAKEEM: Previously on Empire...
GISELLE:
Her megachurch made an offer
for a Tiana performance.
No! No!
Wait, she is trending
like crazy.
I wanna introduce you
to Kelly Patel.
The king of Silicon Valley.
He needs no introduction
in this house.
I'm stopping the upcoming
release of Treasure's album.
What you did made Empire
look weak.
If I make waves now,
it's gonna look like
I'm challenging Pop.
It's about changing things.
Something has to change.
You gonna come home now?
Ha-ha!
You want me to come home now,
Lucious?
To the empire!
Hey, Yana.
You came all this way
just to slap me?
Don't flatter yourself.
(dramatic music)
I have gigs lined up
the next few weeks here,
but I could not leave
without letting you know
what I thought
about what you did.
You're entitled to that.
And would you get on with it?
I have other things to do.
Every time you open your mouth,
you let me know
how much pain you're in.
It's almost like every person
that you have ever loved
told you that you were garbage.
That sounds familiar.
*
And you believed it,
and I know that's why
you left me.
I left you because
my kingdom needs me.
Does it need you,
or do you need it?
You've said
what you have to say.
Now say good-bye, Yana.
*
(Summer Walker's
"Girls Need Love")
WALKER: * Honestly,
I'm trying to stay focused *
*
* You must think
I've got to be joking *
* Honestly
(Teri sighs)
WALKER:
* I don't think I can wait
* I just need it now
* Better swing my way
(Teri giggles)
Mm, we are gonna miss
mornings like this
when I get back to work.
*
You're going back to work?
(laughs)
Of course I'm going back
to work.
WALKER: * The one, ay
* We could start
with a handshake *
Andre.
*
I have a master's degree
in nursing.
I love my job.
I'm sorry, baby.
It's just, um--I--I didn't know
we'd be having
this conversation so soon.
You know,
Walker's still so little.
I can be a mother
and have a job.
Thank you.
Apology accepted.
WALKER: * I can be real good
I just want you by my side,
Teri.
Mm.
*
WALKER: * Lo-o-o-o-ove
What happened
with Treasure's album?
Well, all that work
and Lucious still put out
the original.
(Teri sighs)
You know, every time I try
and do something good
for Empire,
he blocks me.
What you brought out
of Treasure,
Lucious never could have.
She finally started sounding
like herself and not a product.
*
How can you do that
with your other artists?
Lucious can't block that.
WALKER:
* Girls need love too
(cheers and applause)
Welcome back to Tea Talk,
ladies.
How were your weekends?
Well, I, um, got a chance
to catch up
with my sisters,
so that was good.
Besides that,
everything was pretty quiet.
Oh.
(scoffs)
Quiet?
'Cause that's not what I heard.
(audience groaning, muttering)
-LIZZIE: Uh-oh.
-(Janice laughing)
-LIZZIE: Ooh.
-JANICE: Oh!
LIZZIE: That does not look
like a quiet weekend
with the girls to me, Cook.
That's not how my friends and I
wine taste.
-LIZZIE: Oh.
-(both laugh)
Uh, that--that--that was
just a, uh--a misunderstanding.
Oh, was it?
'Cause...
(audience gasping)
Damn, Cookie.
You haven't aged a day.
Looks like bars
can't crack that black.
(laughter, groans)
Upstate is the new Botox.
(laughter)
That's good.
It came to me.
I don't know.
(laughter continues)
(exhales deeply)
You know what?
You and the three brain cells
that you didn't freebase away
must have thought
that was cute, huh?
(chuckles)
I should snatch your ass
and drag you across
this stage
with those dollar-store
extensions.
(audience groans)
(laughs)
But guess what, y'all.
Therapy really works!
-(upbeat music)
-(cheers and applause)
Guys, I am free!
(laughs)
I'm a brand-new woman, honey!
*
It really works, baby,
and that's the tea.
Thank you.
Okay, so which one of you
Jerry Springer wannabes
set that up, huh?
Cookie, the audience loved it.
It was a good laugh.
You're right, because prison
was funny as hell.
You know what would be
even more hilarious?
If I snatched your screaming
newborn from your arms,
handcuffed you, and then took
a picture of your face
as you're about to lose
everything you love
in the world.
Cookie, we're sorry.
How can we make this up to you?
I did a lot of thinking
when I was in Miami,
and I miss music.
Oh, we love that.
We love--we love that journey
for you.
Great, great.
So why don't you give me
a music segment, okay?
Where I make people's
musical dreams come true.
Huh?
What?
-MAN: Um...
-"Um" what?
Lizzie has her comedy corner
where her cronies
allegedly tell jokes.
Yeah, it's good.
It's a good idea.
It's just that our show,
it's not--
The format of Tea Talk
is rage, rinse, repeat.
MAN: Yes.
WOMAN: They say something crazy.
You pretend-threaten to slap
someone's teeth out.
We do it all over again.
Let's just stick to that.
(exhales deeply)
COOKIE: Breathe.
Move.
-Damn, therapy works.
-It really does.
Treasure's album sold
100,000 units
in the very first week.
She is number one
on Billboard, iTunes,
and all ancillary
streaming services.
Great job, everyone.
(cheers and applause)
-Mm-hmm.
-Confirmed?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Do you have something
you wanna add, Andre?
Actually, I do.
Anybody see Billboard
this morning?
And I quote: "A few bops,
"but otherwise a paint
by the numbers Tiana 2.0.
Who cares?
Does Empire have anything new?"
Tiana 2.0 is not something
to applaud.
Our music needs to have
staying power,
and if every record
sounds like the last one,
Treasure's next album
is gonna go wood.
Excuse me, Pop.
(dramatic music)
We need a creative refresh.
That's why I'm introducing
Empire Raw:
a musical event to showcase
our company's new vision
and sound.
So you want to do Unplugged?
Do you also have a time machine
to take us back to 1998?
(laughter)
I'm not talking
about scented candles
and acoustic guitars, Pop.
I'm asking each and every one
of you to dig deep,
expose those parts of yourself
you've always tried to hide.
That's where the power
of our artistry lies.
You do that, I guarantee
I'll win you more ASAs than
Empire's ever received before.
LUCIOUS: Unfortunately,
the ASAs are nominating
in less than two weeks.
So what you're asking
is impossible.
I believe in our team.
We can pull it off.
*
Okay, I'm going to need
to ask everyone
to leave the room for a second
so my son and I can talk.
Stay right where you are.
*
Anything you have to say to me,
say it in front of them.
*
All right.
That's it.
You've screwed up twice.
You've cost us Tiana,
and you almost derailed
Treasure's rollout.
You are out as CEO.
I am retaking the reins.
You don't have the authority
to remove me as CEO.
Empire shares are everywhere,
and you're no longer
the majority owner.
But since
you're a minority stakeholder,
I'm happy to get you a table.
It's VIPs only, but I'm sure
I can pull some strings.
Anything for you, Pop.
(tense music crescendos)
(dramatic hip-hop music)
*
(City Girls' "Act Up")
JT: * Big Birkin bag,
hold five, six *
(Giselle and Becky screaming)
GISELLE: Girl, oh, my goodness.
Your church performance got
2 million views on YouTube.
What?
Your single, psht...
damn near crashed Spotify.
-So let's raise a glass...
-Yes.
To the first woman to survive
a full-scale cancellation
with her dignity
and her edges intact.
-BECKY: Yes.
-GISELLE: To Tiana, child, yes.
Okay, I'm gonna set down
the soapbox for a while
and, um,
just stick to singing.
You know what?
We believe in women
having opinions, obviously,
but that whole...
Oh, no, we are...
BOTH: 100% behind you.
Thanks, ladies.
Okay, so what's next?
Okay, so we have gigantic plans
for your single.
So gigantic but also
measured and thoughtful.
-Absolutely.
-GISELLE: Yes.
We're thinking
of going on tour.
Why don't we shut down
some college campuses?
Tour?
Yes, I love that.
You know what?
Childish Gambino
just gave, like,
custom Jordans
to the first hundred people
that came to his Coachella
performance--genius.
Custom.
Custom like...
-How 'bout Tiana Timbs?
-Boom.
Great,
why don't we mull that over
and then we'll get back to you?
Okay, perfect.
Yay!
-Bossy, Bossy.
-BECKY: Yay, Bossy!
-What's a custom boot?
-(mouthing words)
Oh, shoot.
You know what?
I'm gonna give you guys
my glam squad's info.
I know you haven't
worked together,
but just to let you know,
they don't travel business--
first or private only.
Okay?
Just to let you know.
Okay, bye, ladies.
Bye.
JT: * Till you ain't one
Where are we gonna find
custom boots?
And a--and a--and a beauty
SWAT team?
I know.
Look, I know
that things are tight,
but we promised her
real promotion, okay?
And having her on our label
must mean
that we get credit someplace.
Tiana needs to make us money,
not put us in debt.
Ugh, we might as well
just call ourselves
Broke Bitch Media.
You know what?
We're gonna turn this
into an opportunity
to create an edgy
guerrilla promo
that captures the attention
of the world.
And guerrilla means cheap.
Exactly.
Dollar out of 15 cent!
And then they wouldn't
even give me a segment.
Can you believe that?
I mean, that is
really messed up, right?
Doc, come on, you gotta
give me something here.
I'm not gonna sit here
and be mad with you, Cookie.
Because when I look at this,
all I see are wins.
(chuckles)
Wins?
Okay, so getting drugged,
getting arrested,
and then going
on national television
to be humiliated,
those are wins to you?
Okay, where did you get
this degree from, again?
Did you get fired?
-No.
-Did you go off on your cohost?
-No, not this time.
-(laughs)
And have you talked about
Lucious during this session?
(melancholy music)
And how are you sleeping?
-Pretty good.
-DR. WICK: Mm-hmm.
-Well, damn.
-(laughs)
You are growing, Cookie.
I can see the passion
and the light in your eyes
coming back.
So keep going, girl.
Don't let one bad moment
mess up a whole string of good.
(exhales)
Celebrate your victories.
(upbeat hip-hop music playing)
HAKEEM: * Yeah, you know
we do this for the 99 *
* Empire, yeah,
see, I get off at the dock *
* And walk
right onto the block *
* It's 2:00, call the flock
* Tell 'em it's time
for the drop *
* Look at the time
on my watch *
He in there going crazy.
Yes, come on, baby,
bring that heat.
* Calling me hot,
I gotta get that *
* Writing a whole lot
of records *
* I probably should
spit facts *
* I'm out of the gutter
if they cutting butter *
* I'm with that
* You know where to find me
* I be with the currency,
I get stacks *
* Bring the cash in, please
* I just wanna live like
Cassius Clay *
* Be the champ,
living so lavishly *
* 'Cause who the hell
wants to be average *
* When you got ingredients
to pass that, that *
(Porsha laughs)
ANDRE: You gonna do
his whole album, Mom?
COOKIE: Sneak up on me again
and that's gonna be your ass.
No, I just got sidetracked
coming up to your office.
I just had to help my baby
bring the heat.
You know that, and that he did.
-Yeah, it was fire, Hakeem.
-Thanks, bro.
That movie soundtrack
gonna be lit.
-Yes, it is, baby...
-Thanks, Mom.
-Thanks to you.
-I gotta get the kids.
COOKIE: Yeah, you did that.
*
Oh, uh, guys, can we have
the room for a second, please?
-Yeah, sure.
-Yeah.
That was great work, though.
It's gonna be a hit.
It's already a hit.
Oh, my goodness.
You and your brothers,
y'all are so talented.
You put me and your father
to shame.
What did you wanna see me
about?
-I have a Lucious problem.
-Here we go.
No, he wants me out as CEO
because I'm trying to let
the artist shine.
No, baby, he wants you out
because your name
ain't Lucious Lyon.
And the better you do,
the more irrelevant he feels.
-It's that simple.
-You still have
your Empire shares, right?
Yeah, I still have
my retirement plan.
Well, use your remaining shares
to back me.
-I need an ally.
-(chuckles)
Baby, I love you,
but I am not interested
in getting in between
a pissing contest
with you and your father.
'Cause it's only gonna
leave me
pissed off and sopping wet.
No, thank you.
Ma, I don't know
what else to do, okay?
If he stops Empire Raw,
then I'm out.
Mm.
What about everybody else,
Andre?
Hmm?
You know what made your father
so successful?
He had a story,
and when he told that story,
people believed in him.
You have a story, baby.
Tell your story.
People will believe you.
I don't know that I have
a story to tell, Ma.
You sure you don't wanna
produce Empire Raw with me?
-Ooh, child.
-We could do something big.
-Oh, oh, no.
-Ma--
No, no, siree, Bob.
I want my music.
I wanna get back into music,
but it can't be with Empire.
Honey, I'm tired.
And that damn Tea Talk,
they shut me down.
All I was asking for
was a three-minute segment
so somebody could doo-wop.
When did a no ever stop you,
Ma?
(sighs)
You just get your story
together.
(dramatic music)
*
(Prince whines)
DEVON: Now there's no more
grapes for me.
Can I have the last one?
(gasps)
-Wow.
-TIANA: Oh.
-DEVON: What's up, 'Keem?
-HAKEEM: What's up, bro?
Glad to see you're back
in town.
I heard the new track.
It's fire.
I helped produce that.
Oh, so you keeping
the Twitter haters
off your back?
(scoffs)
Trying to.
I'm getting through it.
Thanks for asking.
Come on, Prince, Bella,
it's time to go with your dad.
-Come on.
-PRINCE: No!
-TIANA: No?
-DEVON: I'm sorry, little man.
Prince.
TIANA: Come on, Prince,
it's time to go.
DEVON: Go spend some time
with your daddy, all right?
(Prince screaming)
DEVON: Come on, man,
spend a little bit of time
with Daddy, okay?
Come on.
I know. I know. Come on.
PRINCE: No!
No, no, no!
No!
(crying)
-(Prince screeches)
-TIANA: I'm sorry,
they just been really bonding.
Thank you for understanding.
-No!
-No problem.
(Prince crying)
(both exhale)
(elevator dings, opens)
Hi.
-COOKIE: Uh--
-LUCIOUS: Here you come.
Look, man,
I've been trying to call you.
I need to talk to you.
We don't need to talk.
Did Andre tell you
about his half-baked plan?
I think it's a great idea.
What, you mad 'cause you didn't
come up with it, huh, Lucious?
I think you jealous
because you're afraid
he's better than you.
Look, our son is a genius
when it comes
to multiplying money
after we've made it.
-But he's not us, Cookie.
-"We," "us"?
He's never carried out
a creative vision
from start to finish
unless I've laid
the whole thing out for him.
And if you keep pretending
that he can do things
that he can't
and you encourage this,
he's going to ruin our legacy.
"Our" legacy?
(laughs)
He's gonna ruin our leg--
did I hear that right?
Our legacy?
See, 'cause now,
just a week ago,
you was saying how you built
this empire on your own,
and you blew through
my little, measly 400,000
on some bubblegum
and 8-track tapes.
But now you need me,
so it's our legacy, huh?
Well, guess what, Lucious.
My legacy is my boys.
So I'm backing Andre.
Hmm.
"Our legacy."
BECKY: And through there,
a second ladies' room.
You know, Becky, I thought
you were overselling, honey.
You know,
start-ups can be tricky,
and--and they--they don't
last long sometimes.
But you know what?
This feels very special.
You know, Tiana was
touch-and-go there
for a moment, but it turned out
sinning was winning.
So we're doing just fine.
So what do you have planned
for her next after the single?
Well, you know,
we're developing a strategy
that will bring awareness
to her new music
and our roster
at the same time.
It's a slow rollout,
sort of low-budget.
COOKIE: Hmm.
More of a deliberately paced
strategy.
What if I told you
I could shoot Bossy
to the tops of minds
across America in one day?
I thought you were done
with music.
I'll never be done with music,
honey.
It's just, you know,
Empire's--it's got
a lot of baggage, but I love
what you're doing around here.
Yes, sister girls
doing the damn thing,
all by themselves,
no help at all.
I love it.
Okay, so what's the concept?
That's it.
That's the concept.
What do you mean?
Okay, go with me.
-Live music...
-BECKY: Mm-hmm.
New York City girls dipping it,
doing it, day-drinking.
Okay, those are a lot
of my favorite Ds.
Broadcast on live television
and across
every social platform.
-So on Tea Talk?
-Oh, no, no, no, honey.
Bigger than that.
Let me produce this for free,
my treat.
-On me.
-Wha--okay.
We appreciate that,
but what's in it for you,
Cookie?
You know what?
When you guys left Empire,
I was like, "They'll be back."
I am so sorry
for doubting the process,
honey.
I'm gonna help you
get this bitch off the ground.
Uh, well, let's confer.
-GISELLE: Um...
-(stuttering)
-We're in!
-COOKIE: Great.
BECKY: We're in!
GISELLE: We're in!
-BECKY: We're in!
-Great. Let's toast to that.
SINGER: * Some blood pumping,
there ain't no denying *
* I gotta push
TRACY: Hi.
LUCIOUS: Tracy.
Oh.
(laughs)
Thank you.
You look lovely.
(gentle piano music
playing over speakers)
I'm glad we both recognize
we needed to reset
our relationship.
I mean, it's important
that you see me as partner
now that I'm so involved
in the day-to-day at Empire.
Yes, your, um, contributions
have been...unparalleled.
-Ah.
-(both laugh)
And I have to apologize, um,
for not recognizing
your business acumen
earlier on.
I've been underestimated
my entire life, Lucious.
I'd hate to see all of
your hard work be for nothing.
What do you mean?
Well, I'm sure you are aware
of the challenges
that Andre has been facing
as a leader in this position.
I am aware
of the power struggles.
But, Lucious,
you're the only man
who's ever successfully led
the label long-term.
So that means you will
support me?
Of course,
provided you support me
on my latest musical venture.
-But of course.
-Mm-hmm.
*
What if I told you
we were already sitting
on a gold mine?
Now, I have been listening
to some of Philly Street's
new material.
He may have put down the mic,
but he has still got it.
And now he has
a whole new generation
of musicians to influence,
only as a producer.
A comeback record
20 years in the making.
*
There's something to that.
I mean, a lot of the artists
of my generation
are the mega-producers of today.
Isn't it funny how the people
we thought we left in the past
keep coming back to us?
*
(siren wailing distantly)
Oh, um, actually, Andre's,
uh--Andre's actually--
I'm sorry, son,
but you leave me no choice.
I have Tracy Kingsley's proxy,
and with it,
I am taking back control
of Empire.
KELLY: Lucious...
we're all so glad
you're back.
(foreboding music)
You must be incredibly proud
of Andre...
Putting his stamp on Empire
with the Raw event.
Join us, Pop.
I was just updating
our majority shareholder.
KELLY: Andre was taking me
through the program.
-It's ambitious.
-LUCIOUS: An event like this
in two weeks, respectfully,
is reckless.
Though big risks lead
to bigger rewards.
That's what I learned
by watching you, Pop,
back in the day.
I know it's uncomfortable, son,
to have to come and try
and take the reins of Empire.
Well, I think it'd be
truly uncomfortable
for all of us if AUSA Conway
were to become involved.
Well, my name has been cleared.
Well, yes, but public
perception is tricky.
I'd hate to see our team's
hard work squandered
over a misconception.
That's a good point, Andre.
Until the investigation
winds down
and public perception
catches up to your innocence,
I think it's best we stay
the course with leadership.
I think that's wise.
KELLY:
Empire Raw will go forward,
and as far as the matter
of acting CEO,
I'll reserve judgment
until after the event.
*
In the meantime,
let's do everything we can
to ensure its success.
*
(whistle blowing)
Hey, what's up?
Thank you for joining us.
Well, I--I don't have
a lot of time, you know.
Andre wants to go through
a third run-through.
Devon tells me that
rehearsal's been stressful.
Um, Andre's under
a lot of pressure.
Yeah, we probably
should get back in there
before he starts freaking out.
Yeah.
Well, before you do,
I just wanna ask you,
do you think this event
is a--a good idea?
And you can be honest with me.
(dramatic music)
I mean, yeah, Andre
has been calling us in
on every meeting
and blowing up our phones,
and it is a lot,
but at the end of the day,
he's letting us lead.
Well, it's good to be heard,
but...
that's not real support.
When you fell off that stage,
who was there to help you
gain the confidence
to get back on it again?
*
You did, Lucious.
Devon...
who helped you climb
deep into your soul
and find your voice
when no one else could?
DEVON: (sighs)
You, sir.
*
Now, Andre means well,
but the reason
that he forces you
to rely on yourselves
is because he's never
built artists
the way I built you two.
Andre doesn't understand
how very fragile
your artistry is.
And if you recognize
the force that built you
and are loyal to it,
than that loyalty
will be rewarded.
*
(hip-hop music playing)
ANDRE: Ay, yo.
(chuckles)
*
-(music stops)
-All right, brother.
Oh!
Nah, you better support
your artists, bruh.
You remember
back when I was CEO.
Hey, you're the only one
who hasn't blocked that
from memory, Hakeem.
-Come here, boy.
-That's cold.
I appreciate you, man.
Listen, I wanna thank you
for keeping your word
and supporting me
over Lucious, man.
-It means a lot.
-We Lyons.
-That's what we do.
-Yes, sir.
But if you wanted
to thank me, bro...
Send Devon out on tour.
(solemn music)
Bruh, he's in my home,
eating cereal with my kids.
Come on, man.
I can't do it.
How would you feel if some lame
was playing daddy to Walker?
It's getting confusing,
especially for Prince.
No, it's confusing for you.
This is on you, Hakeem.
*
You asked for this.
You jumped on that stage
and demanded
that you were the lead
in the movie
filming all over the country.
And some CEOs would have been
pissed off at you.
I saw a grown man
who could handle it.
Maybe I was wrong.
*
So what I gotta do?
ANDRE: You wanted it.
*
Find a way to work through it.
All right?
*
(upbeat hip-hop music playing)
(cheers and applause)
Women and gentle ladies,
please give it up for...
-COOKIE: Excuse me, ladies.
-ANGELA: Tiana!
(cheers and applause)
(upbeat pop music playing)
*
* Baby
* It's only right
to feel myself, yeah *
*
* Mm
* Or maybe, yeah, yeah
* You like it
when I cry for help *
SINGER: * No
* Tell me who's gonna
SINGER: * Uh-huh
* Love me like I'm dreaming
*
SINGER: * Uh
* Baby, don't you do it
SINGER: * No
* Don't you dare wake me
* Yeah, yeah
* I don't know,
but I won't come down *
* To your level now
* No, no, no,
I won't wait all night *
SINGER: * All night
* So don't waste my time
* Truth is,
I won't sleep on lies *
* So you better wake up now
* I'm not gonna wait,
wait, wait *
* Sorry, not gonna wait,
wait *
Cookie, we don't know
how to thank you enough.
This is way better
than we could have imagined.
No, no thank-yous necessary.
Do you know everybody
up on that stage is a woman?
Camerawoman, the grips.
The best boy is a best woman.
-Ha-ha.
-* Wait on nobody
SINGER:
* Go ahead and wait
* Wait on nobody
You know, ladies,
you made me remember that
we should be building
each other up,
not tearing each other down.
Girl power.
-Yeah!
-I'ma get a drink.
-Oh.
-Get a drink.
*
* But ah, ah, ah, ah
* Watch how you talk
* Or do a full 180
* Tell me
* Tell me who's gonna
SINGER: * Uh-huh
* Love me like I'm dreaming
SINGER:
* Dreaming, oh, yeah
* Baby, don't you do it
SINGER:
* Do it, do it
* Don't you dare
* Wake me, yeah, yeah
SINGER: * Uh-huh
* Sorry, not gonna wait
-* Wait
-SINGER: * Wait
* Sorry, not gonna wait
* Wait, wait on nobody
SINGER: * Dreaming, yeah,
go ahead and wait *
* Wait on nobody
SINGER:
* Ooh, oh
* Wait on nobody
SINGER: * Dreaming, yeah,
go ahead and wait *
*
* Wait, wait, wait
(cheers and applause)
ANGELA: All right,
so Bossy Media is
the passion project
of these ladies,
Giselle Sims
and Becky Williams.
Yes, thank you so much
for having us.
Thank you!
Thanks!
(cheers and applause)
So Bossy, is it just
a music label run by women?
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
It is a way of life.
Right, ladies?
(cheers and applause)
It's not just a party.
It's the future!
(crowd roars)
Can I borrow you for a minute?
-We loved it, loved it.
-Loved it.
We wanna fast-track it
and focus group
-the "Music Minute"--
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'ma need you to call
my agent, yeah.
See, 'cause I'm gonna need
more money,
more resources, and, frankly,
more than one minute.
I'm a producer, bitch.
-BECKY: Bossy!
-GISELLE AND BECKY: Bossy!
ALL: Bossy! Bossy! Bossy!
Bossy! Bossy! Bossy!
Bossy! Bossy!
(Estelle's "Woman's World")
Close this off in about 15.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
Enjoy the show.
ESTELLE: * You was blind
MAYA: This is a big night
for Andre.
Make sure everything
is perfect.
ESTELLE: * You can see
-* Oh, I love
-You ready?
ESTELLE: * Oh, oh, oh
* Living in a woman's world
(sighs)
ESTELLE: * A woman's world
TERI: Perfect.
-You're perfect.
(moans)
MAYA: Hey, Andre--whoa, sorry.
Oh, uh--uh,
Hakeem wants to change
his set list.
He wants Porsha to do the hook.
-Porsha?
-MAYA: Yeah.
It's fine, whatever he wants.
-Really?
-ANDRE: Yeah.
Whatever he wants, it's fine.
Okay, yeah.
I'll--I'll leave you to it.
ESTELLE:
* It's a woman's world
(faint cheers and applause)
You hear all this?
There's a whole lot
of people out there,
and you did this.
You took a huge risk,
and you did it by putting
everything on the table
for your artists.
ESTELLE: * For her love,
you sacrifice *
-(Teri moans)
-(chuckles)
Look for me in the front row.
I've never been more proud
to be your wife.
*
(cheers and applause)
What's up, New York?
What up?
Family, followers, friends,
the ASA Committee too,
thank y'all for coming through
tonight.
MAN: Yeah!
I had something planned
differently,
but someone, my brother,
taught me the true meaning
of what Raw is.
So tonight, I'ma show my truth.
I'ma do this for my family,
my children, my everything.
(cheers and applause)
Heh!
* I knew this was
gonna happen *
* You and that man
have a great time *
* You and that man have
a great time *
* You and that man
have a great time *
* And I be raising my son
on FaceTime *
-* FaceTime
-* You and that woman
* Have a great time
* You and that woman
have a great time *
* You and that woman have
a great time *
* And you'll be raising
your son *
* On FaceTime, FaceTime
HAKEEM: * Hey, little Prince
* Hey, little baby dragon
* Yeah, how was school,
how was school? *
* Do you like
your new teacher? *
your new friends? *
* Do they make you feel cool,
make you feel cool? *
* And I wish
you could be with me *
* Man, I wish you
could be with me *
* We'd be riding down 101, 101
* Do you wanna build
a snowman? *
* Whoo
* But your mama know
I always with them girl *
* Them sugar
* And no matter what I say
* She always think I play
that mister lover, lover *
* She always think I'm trying
to act a fool with it *
* But I can't run
with you no more *
* Now I know dude hit it
* Hey,
it's a crying-ass shame *
* When you have
a bad dream *
What you smiling for, huh?
Did you ruin someone's life
today?
No, I'm just trying to see
if Andre can, uh,
stick his landing.
Oh, that's real mature.
* Talk about,
and you're too young *
* To even know
how we can work it out *
You know, there's a father
doing the best he can
with what he got
to take care of his kids.
Meanwhile,
you over here being petty,
taking score.
* Ay, Tiana,
this is so important *
* 'Cause I don't feel like
I'm his daddy no more *
* You and that man
have a great time *
* You and that man have
a great time *
* You and that man
have a great time *
* And I be raising my son
on FaceTime, FaceTime *
(cheers and applause)
Yes, to the real fathers!
(cheers and applause continue)
(spectator whistling)
Our next performer
has helped incarcerated men,
men like me,
rise through their misfortune.
But over the past year,
she's risen to become
a defining voice in Empire.
Please welcome
your best new artist, Treasure.
(cheers and applause)
Treasure!
(crowd hooting)
Whoo!
Treasure.
(chuckles nervously)
(cheers and applause continue)
Treasure?
WOMAN: Oh, come on.
Okay.
(dramatic music)
*
Get Hakeem back out
on that stage
before his brother
looks like a fool.
*
You smug-ass son of a bitch.
You sabotaged your own son.
I do what I have to
to protect my kingdom.
Oh, right, okay, so this is
all you got, Lucious, huh?
This is all you have?
You will hurt
your own children,
your own company,
just to stay in the light, huh?
It's the best for Empire,
trust.
Whatever.
Andre!
Tell 'em who you are.
Tell 'em who my baby is!
*
(microphone feedback squeals)
Okay.
*
MAN: Tell us
what's going on.
*
My father's life and love
has always been music.
But I can't rap,
and I can't sing.
So, uh, I lit a fire inside
to master the business side
of music so that...
my father would see me.
*
Didn't work.
It wasn't enough,
and that fire burned me alive.
*
I thought that the only way out
was a...
.45 to the temple.
My finger on the trigger.
Boom.
(crowd murmuring)
No bullet.
*
But music hasn't only
caused me pain.
When I lost my first child, uh,
my brothers wrote a song for me
to help make me
feel whole again.
For those of you
who don't know,
I'm bipolar.
When I was manic,
the only thing
that brought me down
was to hum "Lean on Me"
like I used to with my family.
That's right, baby.
I learned that music
has the power to heal.
It saved me.
Music saved my life too.
So music belongs as much to me
as it does to anybody else
in my family,
as much as it does
to anybody else in this room.
And as the leader of Empire,
I don't wanna tell artists
who to be.
I want to create a space
for them to share themselves
with the world on their terms
and make music that has
the power to help heal
and inspire and guide
in the same way
that it guided me.
That is who I am!
And that...
*
That's Empire's future.
(cheers and applause)
I have never...
been more proud
of you, my son.
I'm actually
embarrassed that...
It took me a minute
to really hear you
and to truly see your vision
for Empire.
I just want us to be able
to build it together.
Please.
(cheers and applause)
And now I would like
for Treasure
to come on out here
and bless this stage
with a performance
worthy of my son Andre.
Come on out, Treasure.
(cheers and applause)
(melancholy piano music playing)
TREASURE: * Oh, ooh
*
* Different people,
good and evil *
* Stroking egos, superficial
* I'm growing, learning
* Tables are turning
* I know who I am
* Running, hiding
* No point in crying
* Over this
I bare my soul, and all
they care about is Lucious.
Andre, no, it was you.
He just helped things along
a little bit.
You're still CEO.
You won.
I need a second.
Can I meet you out front?
*
Of course.
(whooshes)
*
TREASURE: * Just let me live
What the hell
are you doing here?
Don't be coy.
You want me here.
*
You'll only beat Lucious
if you play dirty.
And that's not singing
and dancing for influencers.
It means going for blood.
I'm not gonna hurt him.
What you need to do, my man,
is put his pompous ass
out to pasture
before his obsession
with this company's past
destroys its future.
It's what's best for him
and for Empire.
* Don't even try it
* You don't have to like me
It's the only way
to save them both.
TREASURE: * Love me
(chimes)
* You don't have to feel me
* If you don't, it's okay
* If you're not
thinking of me *
LUCIOUS: See?
No matter how bad
you talk about me,
I'm always gonna
look after our boys.
(laughs)
Fathers are supposed
to put their children first.
Why are you just
figuring that out, huh?
You took his event from him,
and you made it all about you,
as usual.
Wait, I don't get it.
I mean,
do you hate me that much
that you can't see good
in any damn thing I do?
No, I don't hate you, Lucious.
I'm just finally seeing you
for who you really are,
and that ain't much.
Hmm.
TREASURE: * Oh, ooh, ooh
*
Why are you here?
TREASURE: * Just let me live
*
* I'm trying to live
SINGERS: * Live, live
* Oh, ooh, ooh
*
(cheers and applause)
(laughs)
(desolate music)
Can we talk?
*
(dramatic hip-hop music)
Captioned by Captionmax